# discussion 2025-01-11

## Summary
The chat segment primarily revolves around the upcoming integration of Mizuki into the ai16z ecosystem and discussions about tokenomics. Smedroc inquires about the leadership of the tokenomics work group, indicating an ongoing effort to structure the economic aspects of the project. There are mentions of potential reputational issues related to AICC, suggesting concerns about the project's public perception. The conversation also reflects a mix of excitement and apprehension among members regarding past controversies, particularly referencing previous conflicts involving Matl and Eliza. Overall, the focus is on community engagement and the need for clear leadership in technical discussions.

## FAQ
- Who's heading up the tokenomics work group? asked by Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z
- is there an additional discord for ai16z partners? asked by Laohu
- what are you guys doing now? quick cash? asked by bitgetstamp
- is he also posting on X? asked by bitgetstamp
- Is here any opportunity open for marketing discussion? asked by Jon
- Do we have dashboard or terminal for degenai? asked by å›½èœ€
- Do you needs assistance? asked by Burnmcclean
- Nice animation, did u use partners NFTs and then auto-animated it? asked by Srn Srnzzz | plebian
- Bro is juggling way too many projects. Seems like degenai got put on the backburner. I've been a long holder tho. asked by Jamp
- What feedback was given regarding the dashboard? asked by Rap ðŸ’«
- Is the number formatting on the dashboard important? asked by Pepperspot
- Can someone confirm if the link shared is official? asked by X
- Is there an ETA regarding the virtuals like platform for AI16Z? asked by MrBigTimeKing
- Who said mad? asked by x0700
- What did Sesame do that caused concern? asked by jesusadam
- What are the implications of the tokenomics? asked by Jesus
- Did Mark abandon the task of making tokenomics? asked by nikom0to
- What percentage of his allocation did Sesame dump? asked by x0700
- What are the community's thoughts on participating in the partners dao? asked by jesusadam
- Did we get hacked? asked by NHUNG DONG

## Help Interactions
- Srn Srnzzz | plebian helped remo with Suggested where to ask for help regarding a plugin error.
- remo helped Unknown User with Resolved an error with the plugin-web-search.
- Burnmcclean helped Unknown User with Offered assistance
- APP ASSIST helped levoxtrip with Inquired about the issues levoxtrip is facing.
- BOSSU helped teeze with Guided teeze on where to get verified.
- Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z helped jin with Discussed the need for governance and decision-making.
- Tranquil helped crypto_buja with Agreed on the need for the team to refocus.
- Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z helped cyberhyrax with Clarified the nature of the partners DAO.
- Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z helped JoÃ£o Bonefe with Clarified the buying and selling capabilities of the ai16z/SOL pair.
- BOSSU helped Alex with Directed Alex to the coders channel for technical help.

## Action Items

### Technical Tasks
- Determine leadership for the tokenomics work group. mentioned by Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z
- Review and potentially revise the tokenomics to ensure fair distribution and community trust. mentioned by nikom0to
- Investigate potential exploit or hack related to the crypto project. mentioned by NHUNG DONG
- Monitor community sentiment and trading activity to assess project stability. mentioned by Markus
- Investigate the legitimacy of $AICC and the team's actions. mentioned by NHUNG DONG
- Investigate the value accrual proposals for ai16z token. mentioned by PurchasabÃ˜me
- Establish a governance council for contributions. mentioned by Smedroc - Barista @ ai16z

### Documentation Needs
- Address reputational concerns regarding AICC. mentioned by bitgetstamp
- Discuss the need for transparency in DAO token sales and compare them to VC launches. mentioned by Pepperspot
- Consider creating documentation on ethical practices in crypto projects to guide community members. mentioned by Markus
- Provide support for users experiencing delays in starting character files. mentioned by levoxtrip
- Clarify the verification process for new members. mentioned by teeze
- Follow up on the launchpad rollout date and tokenomics paper. mentioned by mariocandia
- Clarify the development status and offerings of the ai16z token. mentioned by Tranquil
- Create a concise explanation regarding the recent token price drop and its causes. mentioned by Papa Toast
- Develop a clear communication strategy to educate the public about AI16z's purpose and capabilities. mentioned by MrBigTimeKing

### Feature Requests
- Initiate a marketing discussion for a Binance Live AMA. mentioned by Jon
- Potential token launch related to community mods mentioned by lsara
- Remove decimals from Marketcap and Net Asset Value on the Daos dot fun site for improved readability. mentioned by Rap ðŸ’«
- Address community concerns regarding insider allocations and transparency in decision-making. mentioned by PuNi58