{
  "server": "Hyperfy",
  "title": "Hyperfy Discord - 2025-06-21",
  "date": 1750464000,
  "stats": {
    "totalMessages": 37,
    "totalUsers": 21
  },
  "categories": [
    {
      "channelId": "994775534733115412",
      "channelName": "ðŸ’»â”‚developers",
      "summary": "# Discord Chat Analysis for ðŸ’»â”‚developers\n\n## 1. Summary\nThe chat segment primarily discusses screen sharing functionality with audio in what appears to be a development environment. Users are troubleshooting why audio isn't working during screen sharing, with Ashxn explaining that Chrome only allows audio sharing when sharing a specific tab rather than fullscreen, and even then only for that tab's audio. 0mka notes that the webshare screen doesn't request audio permissions and hasn't supported audio since \"initial tests in fallen.\" \n\nAdditionally, hiroP shares information about a badge that can be added to a GitHub repository README to automatically keep \"deepwiki\" documentation updated, which Ashxn agrees to implement. 0mka also showcases some UI improvements including message boxes and a chat toggle, and inquires about using the deepwiki feature to update missing documentation. The conversation concludes with hiroP issuing a PR (Pull Request).\n\n## 2. FAQ\nQ: Is there a way for the screenshare to have audio as well? (asked by ~/drdoge.eth) A: Chrome only lets you share audio if you pick a specific tab to share instead of fullscreen and only audio from that tab itself. Full audio would require an OBS stream or similar. (answered by Ashxn)\nQ: Can we use this to update the docs too? Some things missing in ref that might be helpful. (asked by 0mka) A: Unanswered\nQ: Do you have a working example of audio working from a tab? (asked by 0mka) A: Unanswered\n\n## 3. Help Interactions\nHelper: Ashxn | Helpee: ~/drdoge.eth | Context: User needed to know how to enable audio during screen sharing | Resolution: Explained Chrome's limitations with audio sharing and suggested OBS as an alternative for full audio\nHelper: hiroP | Helpee: Team | Context: Needed a way to keep documentation updated | Resolution: Shared a badge that can be added to README to automatically update deepwiki documentation\n\n## 4. Action Items\nType: Technical | Description: Add deepwiki badge to repository README for automatic documentation updates | Mentioned By: hiroP\nType: Technical | Description: Investigate audio not working from tab sharing | Mentioned By: 0mka\nType: Documentation | Description: Update missing reference documentation | Mentioned By: 0mka\nType: Technical | Description: Implement PR issued by hiroP | Mentioned By: hiroP",
      "messageCount": 14,
      "userCount": 4
    },
    {
      "channelId": "1330373197203505185",
      "channelName": "ðŸ¤–â”‚agents",
      "summary": "The provided chat transcript is extremely limited, containing only a single message from user \"fractilians\" saying \"very interesting...\" at 23:30. There is no technical discussion, problem-solving, or implementation details present in this brief exchange. Without additional context or messages, it's impossible to determine what the user found interesting or what technical topic might have been under discussion.",
      "messageCount": 1,
      "userCount": 1
    },
    {
      "channelId": "958209074045026327",
      "channelName": "âš¡â”‚general",
      "summary": "# Discord Chat Analysis\n\n## 1. Summary\nThe chat segment is brief and contains minimal technical discussion. Users shared links to their Hyperfy-related content on X (formerly Twitter). Notably, bitpixi mentioned hosting a party in Hyperfy but noted that \"Drifters\" were causing some performance issues, expressing hope for future optimization that would improve compatibility with Hyperfy. User cru shared that they've been working on a Hyperfy edit mode fork. Another user (b0gie) posted about achieving a record number of users in a single world. Maximus commented positively about \"inception windows\" and quests in \"v2\" of what appears to be a Hyperfy space. Overall, the chat shows community members sharing their Hyperfy projects and experiences, but contains minimal detailed technical discussion or problem-solving.\n\n## 2. FAQ\nQ: When will Drifters be optimized to work better in Hyperfy? (asked by bitpixi) A: Unanswered\n\n## 3. Help Interactions\nNo significant help interactions were present in this chat segment.\n\n## 4. Action Items\nFeature: Optimize \"Drifters\" for better performance in Hyperfy | Description: Current implementation causes crashes | Mentioned By: bitpixi\nTechnical: Continue development on Hyperfy edit mode fork | Description: Ongoing development work on a forked version of Hyperfy's edit mode | Mentioned By: cru",
      "messageCount": 9,
      "userCount": 4
    },
    {
      "channelId": "1326789867312775290",
      "channelName": "ðŸª™â”‚hyper",
      "summary": "# Discord Chat Analysis for ðŸª™â”‚hyper Channel\n\n## 1. Summary\nThe chat segment primarily revolves around concerns about the Hyperfy token's declining value and lack of utility. Community members express frustration about the token's performance, with some suggesting it's heading toward zero value. There's a notable absence of technical discussions or problem-solving in this segment. Instead, the conversation centers on token management, with suggestions that the team should implement minimum liquidity pool management to support the token price. Some members defend the project, suggesting negative comments only further devalue the token. Others point to fundamental issues, including the token's unclear utility for platform functionality and the lack of defined tokenomics. One member questions whether upcoming NFT mints will be on Solana or Base, indicating uncertainty about the project's blockchain strategy.\n\n## 2. FAQ\nQ: Why mint a Hyperfy token if there's no minimum token LP managing? (asked by jay) A: Unanswered\nQ: Will the upcoming vehicles mint be on Solana or Base? (asked by MFuture_aka_Pharaoh) A: Unanswered\nQ: How do you guys expect tokenomics to work if there has been no growth in activity of the platform? (asked by bpvxduu) A: Unanswered\n\n## 3. Help Interactions\nHelper: DevStarlight | Numinia | Helpee: Community | Context: Negative sentiment about token value | Resolution: Attempted to shift perspective by noting that negative comments further devalue the token, affecting all holders\n\n## 4. Action Items\nTechnical Tasks: None identified in this chat segment\nDocumentation Needs: Description: Clear documentation on token utility and tokenomics | Mentioned By: Jayzen\nFeature Requests: Description: Implement minimum token liquidity pool management | Mentioned By: jay\nFeature Requests: Description: Develop tokenomics with platform transaction fees going to stakers | Mentioned By: Jayzen",
      "messageCount": 13,
      "userCount": 12
    }
  ]
}